Maintenance/docs (#159)
Kuadrant/authorino-operator: README.md

#### OIDCServer

> Configuration of the OIDC Discovery server for [Festival Wristband](https://docs.kuadrant.io/authorino/docs/features/#festival-wristband-authentication)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration of the OIDC Discovery server for [Festival Wristband](https://docs.kuadrant.io/authorino/docs/features/#festival-wristband-tokens-responsesuccessheadersdynamicmetadatawristband)
```

| Field |  Type   | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                    | Required/Default |
|-------|:-------:|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| port  | Integer | Port number of the metrics server.                                                                                                                                                                             | Default: `8080`  |

> | deep  | Boolean | Enable/disable metrics at the level of each evaluator config (if requested in the [`AuthConfig`](https://docs.kuadrant.io/authorino/docs/user-guides/observability/#metrics)) exported by the metrics server. | Default: `false` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| deep  | Boolean | Enable/disable metrics at the level of each evaluator config (if requested in the [`AuthConfig`](https://docs.kuadrant.io/authorino/docs/features/#common-feature-metrics-metrics)) exported by the metrics server. | Default: `false` |
```
